## About Me

Dante Livingston is currently pursuing a Digital Media Art degree at San Jose State University. Dante grew up in California and was often immersed in nature on family camping trips. Whether it was forests in Idyllwild or the open expanse of the Mojave desert, the beauty of natural landscapes inspired his creativity and passion for environmentalism. Aside from the outdoors however, he is a media sponge and had always consumed a wide variety of content. These early inspirations led him to pursue digital art, which had only been further fostered by his time in college.

## Artist's Statement

I work primarily within the digital space, however I will still never forget what environment my physical body lives in. So much art is made digitally as a way to move towards ease of production, ease of access and freedom from traditional constraints. Yet this often leaves the physical world forgotten by those seeking to produce and consume art digitally. In my work, I seek to remind us of the same physical world we are escaping from. I believe this can offer interesting insights to individuals who may be going in to view an apparently digital artwork by intwining these two disparate realities.

As an individual, I have always been an environmentalist and in following those same motifs of bringing the virtual and real world together, these themes are also often present in my work. While I have found that bringing in arguments surrounding environmentalism into my digital work has been more of a struggle than with traditional projects, it allows for it's own unique experiences. Within my digital art, I have found a way to express information as a more interactive experience than I had before with my traditional projects. This allows me to connect with the viewer on a more intimate level and give the audience a new level of immersion to be engulfed into. Moreso, it has freed me from many, mostly physical, constraints previously holding me back.
